03/13/2020

For this milestone, I plan on doing a text based choose your own adventure. It takes the choices from the user and guides
them through an epic adventure! I already have most of one branch done in the text file I uploaded. I am very excited to 
write the code for this. I have not started yet, but I plan on creating a recursive function that takes the string input of 
the user and goes along the path with the two choices they have until it reaches the end of the story. I don't plan on making 
it a very long story, but I already have so many ideas that I could build from this. For now, I want to keep writing the story
line.

03/26

In all honesty, with everything that has been going on i have been wuite depressed. My season was cancelled and a lot of my motivation
to do my work has dimished a lot. I honestly put this on the back burner until this point and realized I still had to finish this 
milestone. I am finishing up the story right now, and then I will get into writing the code. I did not manage my time
well for this at all. I am actually quite ashamed of myself because I had so much time to complete this. Hopefully I can get this done 
before you grade this, which I think is probable for me. This whole second semester has just been very unmotivating. I am sorry
I keep letting my emotions get the better of me, I am usually much better than this.
Update:

I am struggling making the binary node tree in C#, mainly in unity. I am not sure how to go about it. I am definitely going to ask during
lab. I have an idea of how to do the logic for the choices in unity, and that mainly involves buttons that lead to the next in the search 
tree. But I just need help creating the search tree. I am not sure where to star/convert from C++.

03/29

Okay so I have done quite a bit of work and kept forgetting to update my diary after. Anyway, I keep messing with the insert in the
binary tree and it just does not want to work. I keep running into the problem that it says the binary node root is null and stops there.
I have tried so many different possibilities and none have worked. As of now, I am just trying to get it to show up from my array. I
keep going back and forth between just doing it from the array and trying to make the search tree. I am so close with the array, I just
can't figure out how to make the text appear on the button click because the cloning is being funky. So, I am looking up solutions for
that. Once I get that done, I am going to work on inserting it from the array into the BinaryNode and then using that to select.

I am so tired, mostly because I feel like I am so close and yet I am just barely missing it. But! The grind must continue!

03/30

I finally got the game to work! However, I was unable to get the search tree to work in unity. Although I do have a C# project that
is not with unity that the binary tree works for. I still need to upload it though.


Reflection:
Overall, I again messed up in regard to the time frame that I allotted to myself. I did not prioritize this at all, so this was very 
rushed and stressful despite having nothing to do but this. I wish I had worked on it during the break because I definitely would have
had this figured out and uploaded already.


